Yeah, yeah, you're right, but what are they called? I forget what they were called.
Oh, it was called the Suicide Squad.
Yeah, I think they called us something else. I don't remember what it was though.
To tell children, yeah.
Yeah.
You know what was ...I went to the grocery store today
and then the girl was like telling me oh like i like your hair she was complimenting me like
hair but she was like telling me in a quiet voice and she's like oh sorry i have to whisper because
They told us we're not allowed to compliment customers anymore because of like...
arise of sexual harassment.
She said that they told them not to compliment. it was sprouts.
not rush not rush ...sprouts
Yeah, yeah, i was like what!
No, it was a female. Yeah.
I don't know
I know, right? I was like, it's just a little compliment.
I don't know. It was a little crazy, but...
oh wow
What is your craziest (***)?
Oh, okay. That's pretty close.
So she didn't have a (***) anymore?
So, (***)  you guys are pretty close. so you perhaps more afraid than her